MAGGIE: My daddy and I used to go out
first thing like this
when I was your age.
Walk a different part
of the property every day.
He said it gave him a feel
for what kind of day it was gonna be.
Was the first thing so early back then?
It was even earlier, you little brat.
Remember the song he used to sing me?
(SINGING)
You are my sunshine, my only sunshine
You make me happy when skies are gray
You'll never know, dear...
-Morning, Barbara.
-Morning, Maggie.
Please don't take my sunshine away...
Hey, I just want to thank you
for getting me the hell out of Dodge.
I mean, you may have noticed,
things with Maggie and I
are a little bit tense.
I don't mind being
lay-low Negan for a bit,
but, hell, there's only
so far I can go to get out of her way.
You know, I was thinking maybe...
Maybe you put in a word for me.
Smooth things over, at least,
kind of get the ball rolling.
Given our recent history,
I kinda figured
you owed me that much, right?
You know this place?
Mm-hm.
I see you went ahead and moved me in.
Daryl helped.
I'm sorry. The council's voted
to banish you.
What you want just isn't
going to happen.
It's not possible.
I know it's not what I promised,
but given our less recent history,
it's better than you deserve.
It is what it is, I guess.
If you don't mind me asking,
did the council really banish me
or is this more of a Carol seizing
the reins kind of situation?
(SOFTLY) This rabbit's for you.
(DOOR OPENS, CLOSES)
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(PENSIVE PIANO MUSIC PLAYING)
NEGAN: Little pig, little pig...
(LUCILLE TAPPING FLOOR)
let me in.
(NEGAN CHUCKLES)
It's all right.
I know you can hear me loud and clear.
I know that nobody likes
an "I told you so."
What can I say?
I must be bit of a masochist, 'cause...
(NEGAN SNICKERS)
You know what the sad part is?
The sad part isn't where
we ended up here, 'cause...
Let's face it, It could have been
a hell of a lot worse.
Now, see, the sad part is that
you thought for even a second
that those folks would see you
for anything but who you truly are.
Which is me.
You're a clown.
A cult of personality with no cult.
You go ahead and you call me whatever
little names you want to call me.
But you've got to admit,
we got a hell of a lot further
with a kind word
and good old Lucille here
than we ever got with just a kind word.
It's time to face the facts, old man.
You are nothing without her.
(GLASS SHATTERS)
(MELANCHOLY MUSIC PLAYING)
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
RICK: Carl said it doesn't have to be...
It doesn't have to be a fight anymore.
He was wrong.
Look what you did.
NEGAN: I want to see her.
I need to see her.
No, Negan, we don't have your bat.
Where is she? What did you do with her?
It's still out there.
(WALKER GROWLING)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
You got to let me go.
My wife, she has cancer, she needs that.
You got to keep it safe. Okay?
-I told you...
-I know.
-(SHUSHING)
-Keeping me here...
-I know.
-...it kills me and her.
-Please, I told you...
-(SHUSHES)
Hey, I know you did. I know.
And I told you,
my heart, it goes out to you.
I can't imagine what she must be
going through right now. God!
Just... wondering
if she's ever gonna get
her next treatment.
We drove to where you told us
those doctors gave you this stuff,
but they weren't there.
That's not my fault. I told you.
-I told you they move around.
-They were never there
I mean, that road...
It was so overgrown,
we couldn't even get the pickup down it.
So now, I know you can't get
this stuff just anywhere.
It needs to be refrigerated.
Somebody, they took care of this
for a long time.
If they've got something
as rare as this...
(CHUCKLES)
they've probably got
a lot of other stuff too.
So, now, you tell me where you got it.
I am going to let you
take this to your wife.
Otherwise, I'm gonna pour it
down the toilet and make you watch.
NEGAN: Okay. All right.
Just please put that back in the cooler.
I will tell you
whatever you want to know.
Just please keep that safe.
The part about the medical clinic?
That's all true.
And, yeah, you're right.
They have a medical stockpile somewhere.
They keep equipment, drugs...
I don't know where,
but that is where that came from.
I've been tracking them for weeks.
I found them, I don't know,
two or three days ago.
(ENGINE REVVING)
(EXHALES)
NEGAN: Drop your guns! Drop your guns!
I don't want to shoot it, but I will.
Okay, take it easy.
(GROANS)
No, don't!
-(GRUNTS)
-(THUDS)
Shit. You didn't have to do that.
Better safe than sorry.
(CHAIN RATTLING)
Take it easy, Capone.
My name's Negan.
Negan.
All right.
I'm Franklin.
We going to have any problems?
No, sir. No problems.
Mm-hm.
All right.
(MICROWAVE OVEN BEEPING)
Exposure, exhaustion, dehydration...
I think I can add
malnutrition to the list.
You know, I got to wonder,
with a guy like you,
the state you're in,
trying to rob a bunch of doctors
-with an empty gun.
-(GUN CLICKING)
My wife has cancer.
She was in the middle of treatments
when the world went to shit.
And I've just been trying
to keep it going.
-So you're a doctor?
-I'm a high school gym teacher.
High school.
So, what did you mean by
"keep it going"?
The doctors had given us a calendar
of what she needed
and when she needed it.
So all I had to do was find the drugs
and figure out how to do infusions.
Wait a minute. So, you taught yourself
how to give someone chemotherapy?
The pumps aren't that complicated.
-Unless something goes wrong.
-Mm-hm.
Did something go wrong?
Yeah, you could say that.
(WALKER GROWLING)
I'm trying to figure out
which James Bond movie I want to watch.
NEGAN: Well, baby, I think we're gonna
have to skip the movie just for now.
The generator's making too much noise.
Hey, we're going to have to kill it.
Why bother, right?
I turn the generator off for a little bit
and they lose interest.
They always do.
-(WALKER GROWLING)
-(WHIRRING)
(WHIRRING STOPS)
NEGAN: "'I see what you are feeling,'
replied Charlotte.
"'You must be surprised.
Very much surprised.
"So lately as Mr. Collins
was wishing to marry you,
"'but when you have...'"
(SIGHS)
-Mama...
-Hm?
This book sucks. It's killing me. I can't.
I can't do it.
You're the one that won't let me
watch James Bond. Read.
(WALKER GROWLING)
We've got to take care of it.
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
-(WALKER GROWLING)
-(NEGAN GRUNTS)
Come on. Seriously?
(GUN FIRES)
That was our last bullet.
Hey.
-Are you all right?
-Uh-huh.
Turn the generator back on.
I want to watch a movie.
(SIGHS)
-How you doing?
-Okay.
I got something for you.
I found someone's stash.
-(CHUCKLES)
-Now, it's a little bit dried out,
but this is going to help
with your nausea.
You're having to go
further and further every time.
Well, generator needs gas
and this place has been picked over.
But the bright side is... that I reckon
that's exactly what's keeping us safe.
There is nothing here
that anybody wants.
You can't keep it up.
We need to move. We need other people.
It's just too dangerous out there.
That's my point.
Baby, you have three treatments left.
That's it. Okay?
So, we are going to get
your strength up,
then I will put you on my motorcycle
and I will take you
wherever you want to go,
wherever you can dream up.
I promise.
Okay.
(GENERATOR WHIRRING)
(SHUDDERING)
(SINGING)
You are so beautiful
To me
Can't you see
You're everything I hoped for
You're everything I need
'Cause you are so beautiful
To me
(GENTLE GUITAR MUSIC PLAYING)
(WALKER GROWLING)
Damn it!
It's not like killing a person, babe.
Kind of, like, killing an animal.
You can't let it keep bothering you.
It doesn't bother me. I'm...
I'm just worried
that I'm gonna get used to it.
Okay.
Go turn the generator off.
How... How's your dinner?
It was really good.
If I had known that dog food
could taste like this,
I would've been eating
that shit all along.
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Oh, God!
Hey.
-Hm.
-Happy anniversary.
Happy anniver... Wait, do you actually
know what day it is?
(CHUCKLES) No, I just want you to have it.
Open it.
Oh, my God.
Holy shit!
Where did you get this?
Okay, it was in the crawl space
this whole time because I was mad.
I was so mad that I couldn't return it,
so I just hid it
and I told you I returned it.
So, there you go.
You're awesome.
I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry
I made a big deal out of it.
If I'd known... (SIGHS)
Like, all this was going to happen,
I wouldn't have cared about
a stupid credit card bill.
No. No, no, no, no. See, I...
I don't deserve anything from you.
And you shouldn't be apologizing to me.
It should be me apologizing to you.
The man that I was,
the pain that I put you through.
You know... You know,
I lay awake at night
just wondering how I got so lucky
that you have stuck with me.
Come here.
Listen to me.
I stuck with you
'cause I could always see
the man you are right now.
Even when you weren't.
And that asshole really had it coming.
Yes, ma'am.
Let's smoke the pot.
-No way.
-Yeah.
I got that for you. No.
What, you got to go to work tomorrow?
Let's pretends it's, like, Saturday.
No.
-Mm.
-Are you sure you feel okay?
I feel good enough.
-Can I wear my jacket?
-You better.
No. No, no, no, no!
You remember that guy and his family
that came through here last year,
their kid had leukemia,
and they were looking
for this group of doctors
who travel around in a mobile clinic.
I remember I sat down with him,
he showed me his map.
These doctors, they take
the same route every time.
They make the same stops.
I think that I know where they are.
And if I leave right now,
I can catch them before they move on.
They could be dead by now
If they even existed to begin with.
And then, what do you do
when you find them?
You have nothing to barter with,
so just stop.
-I will figure it out.
-Stop, Negan!
I said, "stop!"
I have something to tell you.
-(ROCK 'N' ROLL MUSIC PLAYING)
-(CHILDREN LAUGHING)
NEGAN: I hope you got
your shitty pants on, boy,
'cause you are about to shit your pants!
GIRL: Come on, dude, stop being a d-bag
and let me play.
Don't be such a pussy.
This is how you get better.
-You got to take it.
-Are you playing with children?
Uh, teenagers, I think, mostly.
BOY: You were pretty harsh, dude.
All right, yeah. You know, chumpo,
this is how you get better.
Please tell me that
you did not spend $600
on this Happy Days bullshit.
Calm down. Don't worry. I got two leads.
One's a lock,
but the other one pays better
and I am just celebrating
a little early is all.
-Really?
-Yeah.
Tell me about these two leads,
'cause you can't be
a gym teacher anymore.
You have a misdemeanor assault
on your record
and you refused to go back to school.
So please, I would love it
if you would tell me all about this job
that you got
that's going to pay for this.
Right. I'm returning it.
-I threw the receipt away.
-(GRUNTS IN FRUSTRATION)
JANINE: Well, I'd like to tell you
he's not the man you married anymore,
but he was always like this.
It was cute when we were younger,
but it's gotten old and out of control.
I know. I know, Janine.
I just... (SIGHS) It just feels unfair
to give up on him.
You know, he really was
in such a good space.
He loved that job.
He loved working with those kids.
Yeah, and then he beat a guy up
and he put him in the hospital.
Janine, I told you,
that asshole had it coming.
How's the food?
It's good.
Did you do something different?
Yeah, I... I tried a little rosemary
instead of oregano
and a little white wine reduction
in with the chicken stock.
My appointment's tomorrow at 2:15.
What appointment?
I'm getting an MRI.
-I need you to drive me home.
-Uh...
I can't. Tomorrow 2:15, I...
I have a meeting
with the probation officer.
Besides, you know
how the doctors can be.
They have you sit around for three hours
with your ass hanging out
and then they tell you
everything's fine.
DOCTOR: The good news is
that we caught it early on.
(VOICE ECHOING)
A lot of times with this one,
we don't, but in your case...
(HIGH-PITCHED WHIRRING)
-Do you have someone to drive you home?
-(WHIRRING STOPS)
(LINE RINGING)
(OVER VOICEMAIL) Hey, it's me, Negan.
I'm probably out riding a bike.
-So leave me a message.
-Shit!
-(LINE RINGING)
-(SOBBING)
(OVER VOICEMAIL) Hi.
You've got Janine.If I don't pick up...
He should be there.
He said he was going...
He was going to see you at 3:00.
So, he should have been there
20 minutes ago.
MAN: I'm sorry.
I don't know what to tell you.
I don't have him in my calendar
for another two weeks.
Fuck it.
(IGNITION CRANKS, ENGINE STARTS)
MAN: (ON RADIO) ...Cumberland
have concludedthat in all cases
the killers are eating the flesh
of the people they kill...
Shut up and play some goddamn music!
(ROCK 'N' ROLL MUSIC PLAYING)
It's party time
(DOOR OPENS)
What's going on?
What is it?
I've got cancer.
You knew? You, you, you...
You knew about Janine...
about me and her,
you knew this whole time?
Mm-hm.
Just so you know, I...
I broke it up with her
as soon as we got your diagnosis.
I never saw her,
even talked to her again.
I know that too. I know.
Jesus, Lucille, I don't understand.
Why are you telling me this now?
'Cause... I want you to know
that you made up for it.
Now you can stop.
And if you really want to help me,
then just stay. Stay.
Baby, we... We are so close.
You know, this... This could work.
-The doctor said that this could work.
-No, he didn't.
We went out swinging.
Now it's time for you
to go on without me.
I need you to do
my fighting for me, okay?
Stay.
No.
No. We are not giving up.
(SIGHS)
We have made it this far,
so we are going to see this through.
I'm going to find these doctors,
and I am going to bring you back
the drugs that you need
and we are going to kick
this cancer out of you.
We are not giving up, you hear me.
We are not giving up, not ever.
That was about six weeks ago.
I figured I would...
I would scavenge along the way.
It was worse out there than I thought,
and then I ran into some problems
with the dead and...
(SIGHS)
Here I am.
FRANKLIN: I found that note you wrote.
My daughter went out to the warehouse
to see if we have what you need.
We had it all. Everything on your list.
I don't know what to say here...
We have a lot. We just want to help.
You know, I came here
threatening your life
and you patch me up,
gave me the first decent meal
I've had in weeks,
you gave me everything that I asked for
and you haven't asked
for anything in return.
Well, we're good.
What goes around comes around.
WOMAN: There's a gang
that owns the roads at night.
Is that empty gun your only weapon?
Yeah, I broke my hammer on the way here.
Here, take this.
Is this the bat you hit me with?
Damn, girl, you pack a wallop.
Enough! Enough, enough, enough!
I ask you where you got the drugs
and all you've done
is told me one stupid
pointless story after another.
First, he wouldn't talk,
now, I'm begging you to shut up.
Well, story time's over, bitch.
Now, either you tell me
where you got 'em
or I pull this trigger
and your wife dies
thinking you ran out on her.
I'm not even going to count.
If you don't start talking
by the time I stop,
-I swear to God...
-No, wait, wait, wait.
Just bring me my map.
(SIGHS) Bring me my map.
MAN: Okay.
What about security?
Security is light.
It is a guy and his daughter.
(SIGHS)
Look, the guards on top of the RVs,
they're decoys.
There could be a couple of others,
and they have no guns.
And if they're not there
for literally any reason,
I'm going to come back here
and kill you. Okay?
No questions asked.
Lock him in the storage room.
(CHUCKLES)
Good to go, my man.
-(THUDS)
-WOMAN: Hey, get away from that.
Shut up.
(THUDS)
WOMAN: No.
-Stop.
-MAN 2: Hey.
(ENGINE CRANKS, STARTS)
(WOMAN SCREAMS)
Lucille.
Lucille?
(GROWLING)
(CONTINUES GROWLING)
(PIANO MUSIC PLAYING)
(SINGING)
You are so beautiful
To me
Can't you see?
You're everything I hoped for
You're everything I need
You are so beautiful
To me
Can't you see?
You're everything I hoped for
Everything I need
You are so beautiful
To me
(GROANS)
MAN: All right. Okay, that's enough.
You know, it's been a long day.
I... I did not get
much sleep last night,
so this is gonna be the last time I ask.
Tell me where you keep the good stuff,
or I'm going to bring out the girl.
She's a little young for you,
don't you think?
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
What the hell is going on out there?
MAN 1: (OVER COMMS)
Stay there, we're checking it out.
No, no, no. Go take a look.
MAN 2: Over here. He's over here.
(GUNSHOTS)
Can one of you idiots tell me
what the hell is going on out there?
-(GUNSHOTS)
-(MAN SCREAMS)
MAN 3: I'm dropping my gun. Please!
-(GUN FIRES)
-(MAN GRUNTS)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
(GROANS)
(GUN COCKS)
-Are there any more of them?
-I think I got all of them.
You take this and go find your daughter
and make sure she's okay.
Okay.
Well, look at us.
Here we are again.
You know, last time we did this,
you said that I talk too much.
The bad news is, I got some stuff
to get off my chest this time as well.
But see, this time...
this time, you best hope
I never stopped talking.
Because when I do,
when I do, something very terrible
is going to happen to you.
You know, I never killed
a man before tonight.
It's the truth.
I came close once.
See, there was this, this bar
my wife and I used to go to.
It was our favorite bar.
It was our favorite bar
because it had our favorite jukebox,
favorite jukebox because,
well, it had our favorite song.
"You Are So Beautiful"
by the one and only Joe Cocker.
Probably the greatest
love ballad ever written,
I'm sure you agree.
Well, see, there was...
there was this guy.
This guy, he had, uh...
He had one of those voices
you can't unhear.
And it was like
my brain had been hijacked
and I can't... I can't think anymore.
Anyway, he is talking and laughing
while the song is playing,
being completely obnoxious.
So my beautiful wife, Lucille,
she gets up, goes over to where he is,
and politely asked him if he could
keep it down so she could hear her song.
Well, let's just say he chose poorly.
So now, I got to get up and I go over
and I tell him that he owes me 50 cents,
so I can play the song again,
he can shut the hell up
and my wife can enjoy her song.
Now, here's the important part.
I really want you
to pay attention to this.
You know, when people get so angry,
they say they see red.
That shit is actually true.
When this asshole comes at me,
all I see is red.
It's like I am looking
at the world through blood.
So, I wail on him.
I wail on this son of a bitch
until he's not moving.
And then, I reached down,
I grabbed his wallet
and I take out one dollar
and I play our song again... twice.
Turns out this prick has kids that go
to the school that I teach gym at.
Needless to say,
the school is un-thrilled.
I get fired.
This guy sues me.
I don't have a job, so now
my wife has to pay his medical bills.
So, the point of this is, there were
consequences to me seeing red.
Seeing red was a bad thing then.
I was a bad man... then.
But, see, now,
nobody's suing anybody,
nobody is getting fired,
hell, nobody's keeping score.
Now, when I see red, it's just
a question of what I am capable of.
And well, man,
I hate to break it to you.
See, I am starting to think
that I am capable of damn near anything.
So, this...
this is for not killing me.
(WALKER GROWLING)
(GRUNTS)
NEGAN: I am sorry that I left you.
I was a coward.
I couldn't face the pain of losing you,
so I ran away.
And then, I made myself
not feel anything
because I didn't want to feel the shame.
The problem is, that... shame is
the one thing that I still felt.
I'm sorry that you went out like that.
I should've been there.
I am sorry that I named
a stupid baseball bat after you.
I'm sorry for all the pain
that I put you through.
I hope that you found someone
in the afterlife
and you're screwing your brains out.
Well... not really,
but... fair is fair.
I miss you.
I love the shit out of you.
And I'm gonna do your fighting for you.
Where's the A-Team off to?
CAROL: Looking for food
at an army base Daryl found.
If we find anything,
I'll bring some by your cabin.
That won't be necessary.
In fact, that whole situation
isn't going to work out.
I came by here hoping that maybe
you could requisition a car for me.
I could bring back my stuff.
Yeah, I'll ask Gabriel to approve that.
If you stay here, she will kill you.
I just didn't want your death
on my conscience.
Now it's not.
Fair enough.
(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)